docs(CONTRIBUTING.md): add project guide (#55)
tangge233/PCL2: CONTRIBUTING.md

Newly added or updated Chinese strings are first pushed to the Weblate platform for the initial round of translation. The target primary languages include:

- English (US)
- 日本語 (日本)
- 한국어 (대한민국)
- 文言 (華夏)
- 繁體中文 (台灣) - converted using [繁化姬 (ZhConvert)](https://zhconvert.org/) and manually proofread
- 梗体中文 (天朝)
- 焱暒妏 - processed using an automatic converter

### 3. Second-Level Translation: Primary Languages → Derived Languages

Once the first-level translations are complete, their content will serve as the base for translating into derived languages. The corresponding relationships are as follows:

- Based on `English (US)`:
  - Ελληνικά (Ελλάδα)
  - English (United Kingdom) - with adjustments to vocabulary and punctuation style
  - Español (España)
  - Français (France)
  - Русский (Россия)
  - Slovenčina (Slovensko)

- Based on `繁體中文 (台灣) `：
  - 繁體中文 (香港特別行政區) - converted using [繁化姬 (ZhConvert)](https://zhconvert.org/) and manually proofread

### 4. Translation Synchronization & Submission

Once all first-level and second-level translations are complete, the changes made on Weblate will be committed to the repository.

> To aid understanding, a clear flowchart is provided:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To aid in understanding, a clear flowchart is provided:
```

```mermaid
graph LR;
 subgraph s1["Primary Languages"]
        E2["日本語 (日本) "]
        E3["한국어 (대한민국) "]
        E4["繁體中文 (台灣) "]
        E1["English (US)"]
        E5["文言 (華夏) "]
        E6["梗体中文 (天朝) "]
        E7["焱暒妏"]
  end
 subgraph s2["Derived Languages"]
        F7["Ελληνικά (Ελλάδα)"]
        F1["English (United Kingdom)"]
        F2["Español (España)"]
        F3["Français (France)"]
        F4["Русский (Россия)"]
        F5["Slovenčina (Slovensko)"]
        F6["繁體中文 (香港特別行政區) "]
  end
    D1["简体中文 (中国大陆) "] --> E1 & E2 & E3 & E5 & E6
    D1 -- Converter --> E7
    D1 -- ZhConvert --> E4
    E1 -- Localization --> F1
    E1 --> F2 & F3 & F4 & F5 & F7
    E4 -- ZhConvert --> F6

>     s1 ==> n1["最终译文"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    s1 ==> n1["Final Translations"]
```

    s2 ==> n1
```

## Single String Translation Workflow

The previously introduced workflow focused on translating entire languages. This section provides a detailed explanation of how to translate and handle individual strings step by step, aiming to improve both the efficiency and quality of translations.

### 1. Submitting Translation Suggestions

This process applies to strings that have not yet been translated or approved.

1. **Identify the Source Language**: Determine the language the string originates from, and refer to the “Translation Workflow” section to find its corresponding parent language.

2. **Initial Translation**: Use AI tools (ChatGPT series recommended) or translation software to create a first draft. Ensure the translation is fluent and semantically accurate while maintaining efficiency.

> 3. **Manual Polishing**: Refine the draft translation to ensure consistency with the original text, avoiding over-interpretation or misrepresentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Manual Polishing**: Refine the draft translation to ensure consistency with the original text and avoid over-interpretation or misrepresentation.
```

4. **Length Evaluation & Optimization**: Locate the string in the PCL interface and assess whether the translated content fits well within the UI constraints. If needed, simplify expressions and remove redundant words.

5. **Submit Suggestion**: Once the translation is accurate and appropriately formatted, submit it as a suggestion.

```mermaid
graph LR
    A1[Identify Source Language] --> A2[AI Draft Translation]
    A1 -- Already Translated --> A3
    A2 --> A3[Manual Polishing]
    A3 --> A4[Length Optimization]
    A4 -- Too Long --> A3
    A4 --> A5[Submit Suggestion]
```

### 2. Optimizing Approved Strings

> This process is applicable to strings that have already been approved but contain errors or have room for improvement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This process applies to strings that have already been approved but contain errors or have room for improvement.
```

1. Submit the updated translation using the same procedure described in “Submitting Translation Suggestions.”

2. Post a comment to explain the change. Choose the comment type `Translation Comment: Discuss with other translators`, and follow this format:

   ```markdown
   **Translation Error**: <original content>  
   **Corrected Translation**: <revised content>  
   **Explanation**: <reason and basis for the revision>
   ```

3. After saving the comment, wait for admin review. To expedite the process, it is recommended to initiate a discussion in the QQ group or Discord channel.

### 3. Reviewing Translation Suggestions

This applies to strings that have been translated but not yet approved.

1. **Review Suggested Translations**: Carefully examine each suggestion to ensure the meaning is clear, the grammar is correct, and the translation fits the context.

> 2. **Use Proofing Tools**: Utilize AI tools to assist with grammar checks and to ensure the translation aligns with natural language usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Use Proofing Tools**: Utilize AI tools to assist with grammar checks and to ensure the translation is aligned with natural language usage.
```

3. **Length Evaluation**: Check the translation within the PCL interface to confirm it fits appropriately. If it's too long, simplify the wording as needed.

4. **Approve Translation**: Set the `Review Status` to `Approved` and click save.

```mermaid
graph LR
    C1[Review Suggestions] --> C2{Grammar Check}
    C2 -- Grammar Issues --> C5[Accept & Edit]
    C2 -- No Issues --> C3{Length Evaluation}
    C3 -- Too Long --> C5[Accept & Edit]
    C3 -- Appropriate --> C4[Set as 'Approved' and Save]
```

### 4. Re-reviewing Approved Translations

This process applies to translations that have already been approved but are found to contain errors or have potential for improvement.

1. **Read Comments**: Review comments submitted by other contributors to understand the reported issue. If anything is unclear, you may ask follow-up questions directly under the original comment.

2. **Evaluate Validity**: Assess whether the suggestion is reasonable. If not, reject the suggestion, provide an explanation, and mark the comment as `Resolved`.

3. **If Edits Are Needed**: Change the `Review Status` to `Needs Editing` and save it. The string will then enter a pending modification state.

> 4. **Reach a Consensus**: Discuss the issue in the comments section or through community channels (e.g., group chat) to reach a consensus. If agreement is achieved, revise the translation and proceed through the “Reviewing Translation Suggestions” process again. If no consensus is reached, reject the suggestion and mark the comment as `Resolved`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. **Reach a Consensus**: Discuss the issue in the comments section or through community channels (e.g. group chat) to reach a consensus. If agreement is achieved, revise the translation and proceed through the “Reviewing Translation Suggestions” process again. If no consensus is reached, reject the suggestion and mark the comment as `Resolved`.
```
